---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Things I saw and relection on N@TM
categories: [markdown]
title: N@TM
---
## Things I saw
At Night at the museum, I got to see the amazing workings of many people. This included things like tetris, hangman, and many other even more complex projects. The most amazing project to me was the one that Varalu, Azeem, and Chinmay made. They made a working educational organizer that allows you to create an account and set up dates for assignments in a calender. They did this all by hand and every api they used was made by them.

## Other stuff that was cool
I got to see friends from other classes of CSP that I didn't even know were taking the class. These friends made a timer website with an alarm and a weather website that allows you to change your location to change which weather you see and from where it is. Another cool thing was being able to take a break in the sound-proof boxes. These boxes were dead silent and it was amazing getting to take a break from the action for a few seconds in there. Since the noise was so bad because of how many people were stuffed together in these rooms, this was the best break I could have had.

## Things I disliked about Night At The Museum
I did not like how there were around 150 people stuffed into two classrooms. This made the rooms loud, stinky, and very warm. Also, it was a pain trying to navigate your way through them. I feel like a possible solution to this would be to spread Night At The museum over the course of multiple nights. This would change Night At The Museum to Nights At The Museum, but it would help with how crowded the room is.

## Things I liked about Night At The Museum
I liked getting to see how other people creaeted their projects. Since I hadn't gotten to look at other class periods yet, it was also cool getting to see them. Also, getting to talk with people in CSP without them being stressed was pretty cool because most of the time, they are really stressed which makes them not want to talk with you, instead choosing to focus on their work (which is a fair choice).

## Issues we faced
We ran into some issues with our aws and our flask. This resulted in us running into some complications wtih the api. These issues were mainly that the api was unable to retrieve the data from the website without the flask or aws running. Also, our backend was unable to get our snake game to have a reset button on it, so whenever you died, you had to reload the tab. If you are playing the game a lot, it can be really annoying to have to reload it over and over again which was why I wanted it fixed. Also, the backend wanted to add a red object which was similar to the apples, but it blew you up instead of giving you an extra block worth of length. This never ended up being added because of the time crunch we had. Also, I did not have many speaking points during our presentation (which probably hurt my grade). But, my group members wouldn't let me speak for fear of me messing something up. I don't know what the real reason behind them thinking I mess literally everything up is, but I do not like it.

## Summary
Night at the museum was fun but also had its drawbacks, my team ran into some issues along the way that almost took away many points from our assignment. The other groups did amazing jobs with their creations as well as their presentations. While the room was hot, stuffed full of people, and stinky, getting to see people's projects was pretty cool. Being able to see people from other classes and what they were working on was refreshing because the projects from our period honestly kinda sucked compared to theirs (besides Varalu). If I had to make one change about Night At The Museum, I would spread it out across 2 or 3 days and change the name to Nights at the museum because the stuffy room was overly loud, warm, and smelly. Although this may be kinda difficult to do because there would be more chance of interference with another event, I still think its worth doing.